Adding Flake8 and modified README.md (#20)
redhat-beyond/tasties: README.md

# Tasties (beyond08-group1) 

### Introduction :
Welcome to our project Tasties!!

### Team members: 
Gal Oved , Waseem Abu Sobe , Efraim Vishnivetzky , Ohad Revah , Gil Shechter

### Idea :  

> The idea of the project

Reviewer: Maybe refer to it as the `Project` and not the `Idea` since you're past the phase of ideas already and working on a project

> is a social network for sharing recipes. Each user will be able to upload their recipes with pictures that show the final result. In addition, each user will be able to search for a recipe according to the products he has in the refrigerator and receive information from the other participants.

Reviewer: Maybe split it for different lines so it will be more readable

> is a social network for sharing recipes. Each user will be able to upload their recipes with pictures that show the final result. In addition, each user will be able to search for a recipe according to the products he has in the refrigerator and receive information from the other participants.

Reviewer 2: Try to write about your product in the present
```suggestion
is a social network for sharing recipes. Each user can upload their recipes with pictures that show the final result. In addition, each user can search for a recipe according to the products he has in the refrigerator and receive information from the other participants.
```

# Tasties

### Introduction
Welcome to Tasties! We're creating an open-source platform where people can share and discover recipes,
and get the most out of their available ingredients. On Tasties, users will be able to see, comment on and rate
other people's recipes - as well as publish their own. Users will be able to search recipes by rating, style,
as well as by the ingredients that they call for.

### Team members 
- [Gal Oved](https://github.com/GalOved)
- [Waseem Abu Sobe](https://github.com/WaseemAbuSobe)
- [Efraim Vishnevetsky](https://github.com/efraimvis)
- [Ohad Revah](https://github.com/ohadrevach)
- [Gil Shechter](https://github.com/GilShechter)

### Contributing to Tasties
See our CONTRIBUTING.md file for information on how you can contribute.

> ### License :

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### License
```

> # beyond08-group1

Reviewer 4: Please remove this line. We have a real name for our project (Tasties), I don't think putting the temporary group name back in here would give anyone any relevant information.

Reviewer 2: Any update on this?

> ![tasties](https://github.com/WaseemAbuSobe/tasties/blob/flake8/static/images/tasties_logo.png)

Reviewer 2: Please don't use your private repo, you should use the relative path
```suggestion
![tasties](./static/images/tasties_logo.png)
```

> ![WhatsApp Image 2022-11-16 at 5 32 47 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81830917/202234557-2cdf76cb-fba4-48c9-8e96-b1e094b685cb.jpeg)

Reviewer 2: I would upload the image to the repo. You can take a look [here](https://github.com/redhat-beyond/ResuMe/blob/main/README.md) for example

Reviewer 2: @WaseemAbuSobe

Reviewer 5: @WaseemAbuSobe, Please upload the image I sent in the Slack channel.

> ![WhatsApp Image 2022-11-16 at 5 32 47 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81830917/202234557-2cdf76cb-fba4-48c9-8e96-b1e094b685cb.jpeg)

Reviewer 5: Use the path to the image you uploaded instead of this external link.
I think the round logo would look better.
